[Music]
this summer get ready for action chopper
where nope
our secret finds its way out they'll be
the death of him this was your choice
you don't know everything about me
The Avengers weren't my first family
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
new your
clothes organics six of our northern
cities had fallen in a coordinated
attack their leader fights alongside a
witch
crush these murderers your majesty every
family must contribute one man to fight
your war hero you've already made many
great sacrifices my father cannot fight
so I will take his place the northern
invaders will kill her if I expose how
power all people will kill her when we
take the Imperial City I will take
revenge for my father what is your name
soldier
watch it commander so no quarrel you
will now take the oath of the warrior
wait
see
release
[Music]
you will die pretending to be something
you're not
yet here I stand proof that there is a
place for people like us
a girl threatens our plants
a warrior
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome home vision residence
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm gonna burn this place to the ground
my dad believed in you I'm not gonna
make the same mistake you know what
happens to you if you don't deal with
this I have everything I need to have
you court-martialed and dishonorably
discharged
if we do this we risk everything
[Music]
we need each other don't we
are you okay hurry please there you go
well I'm standing right by India I know
you better than anyone else in the world
it's figured out a way to be invisible
I know what you feel like you're going
to the commercials in this game are
really expensive spongebob it's just the
pregame yeah 26 seconds to tell me
everything in this movie stoop dog robot
why stage churros the only thing missing
is Gary
[Music]
let's go for do I smell a road trip
there could be my breath the Spongebob
movie sponge on the run yeah that was
money well spent
when it comes to sweet there's only one
name I've studied the best spin moves
his legendary I raced the fastest in the
world he makes us all its fluff
I'm wild but he's on another level that
dude he knows it's all about the rings
when he turns on the burners
good luck he's just a blur out there
what's this for again what's this for
again this Morgan what's this for again
great question I have no idea but please
McCaffrey go on about how amazing I am
what am i doing you're mine Hedgehog
now that's what I call good cop bad cop
left yourself open Ronnie we got some
kind of fire we got units headed out
there now oh why you came all the way up
here you won't survive
[Music]
coals are hot drinks are cold
it's another All American barbecue
[Music]
this is bigger than anyone realizes they
are among us they are communicating and
they have plans to attack so the time to
act is low
you put together group and not see
honestly we just have to get creative
I don't not to get into the state I'm on
the first flight back in New York to
find out I must send a missing map again
[Music]